Daemons in Linux
A daemon (also known as background processes) is a Linux or UNIX program that runs in the background. Almost all daemons have names that end with the letter "d". For example, httpd the daemon that handles the Apache server, or, sshd which handles SSH remote access connections. Linux often starts daemons at boot time. Shell scripts stored in /etc/init.d directory are used to start and stop daemons.A daemon is a type of program on Unix-like operating systems that runs unobtrusively in the background, rather than under the direct control of a user, waiting to be activated by the occurrence of a specific event or condition. Daemons are usually instantiated as processes.


List of Daemons in Linux-
1. AppArmor (Application Armor) is a Linux security module that protects an operating system and its applications from security threats. Docker expects to find an AppArmor policy loaded and enforced. Docker automatically generates and loads a default profile for containers named docker-default.
2. saned is the SANE (Scanner Access Now Easy) daemon that allows remote clients to access image acquisition devices available on the local host.
3. The acpid daemon provides intelligent power management on a system and allows to query battery and configuration status by supporting the Advanced Configuration and Power Interface (ACPI). It does so as it opens an events file (/proc/acpi/event by default) and reads all the lines.
4. The uuidd daemon is used by the UUID library to generate universally unique identifiers (UUIDs), especially time-based UUIDs, in a secure and guaranteed-unique fashion, even in the face of large numbers of threads running on different CPUs trying to grab UUIDs.
5. The bluetoothd daemon, which manages all the Bluetooth devices. bluetoothd itself does not accept many command-line options, as most of its configuration is done in the/etc/bluetooth/main.conf file, which has its own man page. bluetoothd can also provide a number of services via the D-Bus message bus system.
6. Alsa-utils- his package contains the command line utilities for the ALSA project. The package can be compiled only with the installed ALSA driver and the ALSA C library (alsa-lib).
7. Anacron ensures that each job is run at the scheduled interval; there is no specific time guaranteed for these jobs to be run. Each time the job is run, the timestamp file /var/spool/anacron/cron.
8. OpenVPN is a Virtual Private Networking (VPN) solution provided in the Ubuntu Repositories. It is flexible, reliable and secure. It belongs to the family of SSL/TLS VPN stacks (different from IPSec VPNs). 
9. AppArmor (Application Armor) is a Linux security module that protects an operating system and its applications from security threats. Docker expects to find an AppArmor policy loaded and enforced. Docker automatically generates and loads a default profile for containers named docker-default.
10. kmod is a multi-call binary which implements the programs used to control Linux Kernel modules. Most users will only run it using its other names.the NetworkManager daemon, the actual software which manages connections and reports network changes. several graphical front-ends for diverse graphical desktop environments, such as GNOME Shell, GNOME Panel, KDE Plasma Workspaces, Cinnamon, etc.
11. irqbalance is a Linux daemon that distributes interrupts over among the processors and cores in your computer system. The design goal of irqbalance is to find a balance between power savings and optimal performance. This allows a given set of CPU's to not be bothered by any interrupt service load.
________________